svn-changelist: add page (#5118)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/svn-changelist.md

# svn changelist

> Associate a changelist with a set of files.

> > More information: <https://subversion.apache.org>.

Reviewer: Could you please add a more detailed link (if possible)?

Author: Sure, can I link to the unofficial but recommended docs at [svnbook](http://svnbook.red-bean.com/en/1.7/svn.advanced.changelists.html)?
See: https://subversion.apache.org/docs/#user-manuals

Reviewer: Hmm..."unofficial but recommended"&mdash;@navarroaxel is this OK to do?

Reviewer: @navarroaxel, did you see these comments?

Reviewer 2: Yep, I think the new URL is OK.

> - Add files to a [new] changelist:

Reviewer 2: Why not?
```suggestion
- Create a changelist:
```

Reviewer 2: Or:
```suggestion
- Create a changelist with specific files:
```

Author: > Why not?

I want to express that either a new changelist is created or files are added to an existing one

> - Add files to a [new] changelist:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Add files to a changelist, creating the changelist if it does not exist:
```

> - Add files to a [new] changelist:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Add files to a changelist. If a changelist with that name does not exist, create one. 
```

> `svn changelist {{changelist_name}} [{{FILE_PATH}}]`

Reviewer: By `[FILE_PATH]` do you mean `FILE_PATH` is optional or an array of `FILE_PATHS`?

- If you mean it's optional, I think it's better to not show that capability and just assume the user wants to add 1 or more files.
- If you mean it can be an array, then my suggestion below clarifies that and makes it more like our general style for arrays on the command line:

```suggestion
`svn changelist {{changelist_name}} {{path/to/file1}} {{path/to/file2}}`
```

> - Add files to a changelist. If a changelist with that name does not exist, create one:

Reviewer: I actually like this better. What do you think?
```suggestion
- Add files to a changelist, creating the changelist if it does not exist:
```

- Remove files from a changelist:

> `svn changelist --changelist {{changelist_name}} --remove [{{FILE_PATH}}]`

Reviewer: Same here.
```suggestion
`svn changelist --changelist {{changelist_name}} --remove {{path/to/file1}} {{path/to/file2}}`
```

- Remove the whole changelist at once:

> `svn changelist --changelist {{changelist_name}} -R --remove .`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`svn changelist --changelist {{changelist_name}} --recursive --remove .`
```

> - Add a whole folder to a changelist:

Reviewer 2: The `folder` is added to the changelist or only the files recursively?
```suggestion
- Recursively add a directory and all its content to a changelist:
```

> `svn changelist -R {{changelist_name}} [{{PATH}}]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`svn changelist --recursive {{changelist_name}} [{{PATH}}]`
```

> - Add the contents of folders to a changelist:

Reviewer 2: We should use `directory`:
```suggestion
- Add the contents of a space-separated list of directories to a changelist:
```

> `svn changelist --recursive {{changelist_name}} {{path/to/folder1}}`

Reviewer 2: It's just 1 folder, and we use the term `directory`:
```suggestion
`svn changelist --recursive {{changelist_name}} {{path/to/directory}}`
```

Reviewer: Sorry, that was my addition.

> `svn changelist --recursive {{changelist_name}} {{path/to/folder1}} {{path/to/folder2}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`svn changelist --recursive {{changelist_name}} {{path/to/directory1}} {{path/to/directory2}}`
```
